# TravelingSalesPerson
This program will perform traveling salesperson on a world generated by the user.

When your program is completed, you will need to specify five command-line parameters to execute the
traveling salesperson problem. The parameters are, in order:

1. The x-size (i.e. width) of the world. We'll use 20.
2. The y-size (i.e. height) of the world. We'll use 20
3. The number of cities in the world. There are currently 40 names specified at the top of middleearth.cpp, 
so you can't specify more than 40 cities.
4. The random seed. If you specify a given number, the same world will be created each time -- 
we'll use this, below, when we talk about debugging.
Supplying -1 will create a different random world each time the program is run.
5. The number of cities to visit, other than the "home" city -- this can be as low as 1.

These 5 parameters are needed to run the program.
(Note: the number of visits should be kept lower, as this will exponentially
grow in run-time in order to find the shortest path of visits)

The task:
When giving these parameters, it will generate a world. This world will have different naming cities from 40 cities, and 
distances between each cities. Our traveling salesperson algorithm attempts to find the shortest path a person needs to visit
all the cities and returning back to their home city. The algorithm will check every combination of city pathways to find the 
smallest overall distance. It will print out the path that was taken and the run-time (for optimization purposes).
